- Previously
on "Southern Charm"...
- I'd like to thank
all my friends.
- Love you, Shep.
- Happy birthday.
- Cheers.
- Happy birthday, Shep.
As we all gathered together
to celebrate Shep's 38th...
- ♪ He was lazy ♪
♪ Just a regular Joe Blow ♪
- Don't make the pregnant
one waddle up the stairs.
- Not everyone was
feeling the love.
- ♪ Anyone who's in the know ♪
♪ Says he makes
the kids go loco ♪
- I've never been
violent before,
but I'm feeling it tonight.
- I'm just, like,
a little caught off guard
'cause you didn't tell me
that you had a girlfriend.
- Don't throw all that
into this one category.
- I am allowed to say
whatever the heck I want to say.
- ♪ Ba-ba doo ♪
- And as Austen and Chelsea
seemed to be
warming up to one other...
- You look great, by the way.
- ♪ You gotta
hand it to the man ♪
♪ He's making it look so easy ♪
- Kathryn and Thomas managed
to keep their cool.
- Like, this conversation
between you and I,
I think, is going great.
- Which is more than
I can say for Naomie.
- To see you out every night,
----ing 20-year-olds.
- ♪ He's got scandals ♪
♪ To pass the time ♪
- But at the end of the night,
it was Craig's shoulder
she cried on.
- I was too scarred.
- I literally don't even know
why we're so damaged.
- ♪ Ba-ba doo ♪
♪ Ba-ba dee-ee-ee ♪
♪ It's easy ♪
♪ As making you think
that you love me ♪
♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ ♪
Okay.
- At long last,
I've got myself a--
a real woman
with a real woman's heart.
- Aww.
- Show me again
where that heart is.
- Stop.
♪ ♪
- Oh.
Hey, Pat.
- Hey, darling.
How are you feeling?
I'm feeling large
and not in charge.
You didn't enjoy
the whole pregnancy thing,
if I can remember
from what you told me.
- That'll be fun.
- I'll get some names together,
who I want to invite.
- Okay.
I am so beyond flattered,
but I am a little worried that
she might leave some people
off the guest list though.
One redhead in particular.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- No, little Sainty.
Get back in bed.
Good morning, Mommy.
- Good morning, Kensie.
What you guys doing?
Play-Doh.
- Throwing Play-Doh.
Well, good morning.
Kensie and Saint
are doing really well.
They're at the age now
where they can
interact a little bit more.
Be gentle, Kensie.
Be gentle.
- Okay, little bit.
- We spend a lot of time
just kind of bonding and
doing activities
in the home.
I mean, Saint was taken
from me at six months,
and it really hurt.
Whee.
But it took me going to rehab
to really realize,
okay, I got to
get my sh-- together.
- What do you want to eat,
you guys?
- What about a mushroom with--
- Carrots.
- What else do you
have on top there?
- What about some
mashed potatoes?
What do you want to eat, Saint?
- Oh, you made
the carrot orange.
- I did, Mommy.
- Good job, Kensie.
I only get
so many days with them,
so I try and spend it really
where we're focusing
on each other.
Can you go cheek, cheek, cheek?
But it's hard because
even though
I am moving towards
joint custody,
it's, like, a heartbreak
every other weekend, you know.
I chase you.
I'ma get you.
- Princess crown.
- You're gonna wear
a princess crown?
It's been a long journey
since I first lost them,
but things are slowly
settling into place
and moving
in the right direction.
- Whoa.
- Thank you for helping, Kensie.
- Sainty!
It feels like Kathryn Dennis,
chapter three, honestly.
You did a good job.
I love you.
♪ ♪
- Let's see what we got here.
This should work.
You put the coconut
in the frying pan.
♪ ♪
When I have a lady over,
my typical morning routine is,
you know, make some coffee
of course, cook us some eggs.
Hey, you want any cheese
in these eggs?
- Please.
♪ ♪
- Mix in a little Plan B
in there too.
Mmm.
Just--just to be sure.
Here we go, here we go.
- Thanks.
- Speaking of eggs,
how are yours doing?
They don't call
me The Impregnator for nothing.
- Stop while you're ahead.
You just brought me eggs.
- Just stop while
you're ahead, please.
♪ ♪
Oh, it's nice
just to have a lazy day.
- I was just curious, uh, if
you ever had a pregnancy scare.
- Well, yeah.
Do you remember at Shep's, when
I asked you
to go to the bathroom with me?
- Mm-hmm.
Well, I obviously
couldn't be pregnant,
but it did bring up thoughts
in my head of "what if."
You know, my app
on my phone, babe,
that I track when,
you know, I'm fertile.
And I'm not fertile
when I'm menstruating.
That's probably too much
information for your ears.
- No...
- But--
I know what menstrulating--
I can't pronounce it,
but I know what it means.
- I mean--
- Too many syllables for
this poor little country boy.
- I mean, I can see
when the window is
of when I'm most fertile.
You know, that's
the birth control,
you know, I'm using now.
- Mm-hmm.
- If by some chance it happens,
it'd be a blessing.
But I don't want to
be a single parent.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- You know that.
- Ashley is very, very loving.
She's also very strong.
- You know what they say
about babies.
A baby makes
a good relationship great...
- Mm-hmm.
- And a bad relationship worse.
- I not only know that,
I could've written that.
I think she'd be
a wonderful mother, but,
you know, I just want to
continue to do my due diligence
and, you know,
learn more about her.
I care too much about
myself and my children to--
to make a wrong decision.
- You love me.
- Yes.
- You love me a lot.
I want to kiss you.
- I want to
♪ kiss you ♪
I want to ♪ love you ♪
- I saw the movie, okay.
- I want to ♪ hug you ♪
- No.
- I want to... ♪ marry you ♪
I want to have babies with you.
- Mwah.
Mm.
Fade to black.
- Coming up...
- Like, hey, any chance
you can make me like guys?
Just make me gay.
♪ ♪
Excuse me, Elvis.
both: Hi.
- Come on in.
- So nice to see you.
- Nice to see you too.
I'm Cameran.
- I'm Kathy.
- Nice to meet you.
- Let me put this down.
- Yeah, sure.
- And I'll shake your hand.
- Thank you so much
for coming over.
- Oh, my pleasure.
- I'm--I'm clueless, so.
- That's okay.
We'll start with that--
- This is my first
education on childbirth.
- Great.
- I'm a little freaked out
though, not gonna lie.
I have not been to
a birthing class yet.
I have not taken any of the
Lamaze classes at the hospital.
I haven't read
"What to Expect,"
which is, like,
the old bible, they say.
I haven't done any of that.
So my friend Whitney is coming.
- Okay.
- And my husband is
in the medical field,
so to him, this is all,
like, you know...
- Well, we'll pretend
with Whitney.
- Yes.
- And just see how things go.
- Hey, Whitney.
- Hello.
- Oh. Good.
Look at that.
Getting felt up
by Uncle Whitney.
- Gross, Whitney.
Hi, I'm Whitney. How are you?
- Hi, I'm Kathy.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, Whitney.
Hi.
- If you could visualize
your perfect birth experience,
what would that be like?
- I would pick my baby
off a tree.
- Okay.
- And not have to have
her emerge from my body.
- Okay.
- What I don't want is
to have to go through labor,
have my vag
all messed up and swollen,
and then have to end up
having a C-section as well.
- Women have been having
babies vaginally for years.
And while it may not go back
to exactly how it was before,
it gets pretty close.
- Up until now,
I have had control
over pretty much
all aspects in my life,
including my body.
I have kind of been in denial.
This is kind of in my face.
Like, it's gonna happen,
and I have to prepare for it.
- If she
does have it vaginally...
- Yes.
- She gets an epidermal or--
- "Epidural."
- So let's talk about your
feelings about pain medication.
- Yeah.
- I don't know.
- How numb do you get
when do the epidural?
- If they give the full dose,
you really can't feel anything.
- I would get an Elvis dose.
Okay.
Getting your body ready
for this experience,
there's a couple of different
conditioning exercises
that we can try.
First of all, when
in the pushing stage of labor,
squatting actually
opens up the pelvis.
And so one of the things
we want to be able to do
is squat comfortably
for about 60 seconds.
Let's just try it together.
So maybe you can hold hands.
You can be her partner on this.
Face each other.
- Yes, I washed them.
- Both of you are gonna go down
very slowly
as far as you can comfortably.
- This could be sad if I can
go further than you can.
- Very good.
And then go ahead
and slowly back up.
All right.
- Whenever I find myself
starting to get overwhelmed
with all of
the choices you have to make...
- Let's try doing pelvic rocks.
You're gonna tilt
your hips forward
and let your belly
sag toward the floor.
Start with a flat back--
- Don't look at my boobs,
Whitney.
- I'm not looking
at your boobs.
- Start with a flat back.
- I tell myself that
cavewomen did this
literally with nothing.
- Your hips are gonna tilt
this way and back.
There you go, perfect.
- There you go.
- And then back to flat.
Right.
- And if they can do it,
I can do it.
- You're gonna move over
a little bit
right behind her here.
- Oh, God!
- Just--just right here.
Now put your hands on each side.
- Oh, yeah.
- No! Make it stop.
- And press in...
- Stop!
- Slightly here on the sides.
- Whitney...
- No--
Don't go crazy.
- Oh, God.
- It feels like...
- You can feel your pelvis--
- A pervert is touching me.
- No. No, that's enough.
- Okay. I got the picture.
- All right, so we got
a couple of techniques.
- Yes.
I feel a lot better.
- Oh, good, good.
- Thank you so much.
- You're so welcome.
- I really appreciate it.
- Okay. Thank you very much.
- Yes, thanks.
- You guys take care.
- Bye.
- So your mom told me she's
gonna give me a baby shower.
- Co-ed baby shower.
The theme is super chic,
super 1960s.
- Well, there's very few things
that I can wear
that look super chic.
- It's just kind of, like,
WASPy/Cote d'Azur wear
from, like, the '60s and '70s.
- Got it.
Tell your mom
I would definitely like to
see everybody
and include everybody.
- Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, Kathryn?
I doubt she'd
want her in the house.
Mom will do whatever she wants,
whether I support it or not.
But everyone else is welcome,
you know.
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- Dave.
Good to see you.
- Just looking for a nice, cold,
refreshing beverage.
Can you help me with that?
- I love it.
- At the moment,
a whole bunch of nothing.
- Hey, hey.
Hey, buddy.
- Do you know, uh--
- I do, buddy.
- This is Dave.
Craig.
- Good to see you. You too.
- Part of the perk
of the job that I had
was that I'm friends with
the bartenders at every bar.
It's, like, low-key famous.
The downside is,
they know all my business,
so, uh, it's kind of
a give-and-take.
- I feel like it gives us
pretty good ambience, no?
- It is quiet.
- I have a question.
- Are you--like--
this is awesome.
I can, like, check out babes
and, like,
not feel bad about it.
- Eh.
It's not like I was dating
someone that was ugly...
- No, no--look--
- And so I was like,
"Damn, I wish I could go
bang these hot girls."
- I get it. I totally get it.
- So now I'm free, but...
- But, like, the reality is,
now you are single,
and you are in
the dating pool of Charleston.
And it might take you a minute
to get to that point where--
- Right.
- You're taking home a girl.
But the fact of the matter is,
is that you can.
- It makes me want to go back
and be like,
"Hey, any chance
you can make me like guys?
Just make me gay."
Maybe my life would be
a little easier.
But I don't think
it would be, right?
- Well, Craig, uh,
you want to tell me something?
- Oh, my God.
Is this Craig's coming out time?
Like, am I the person
that he feels comfortable
to come out to?
- No, I feel like that would be
a volatile relation.
I'm just don't-- I'm so
different than --girls.
- Hey, gents.
- Oh, Shep.
- Shepard.
- Good.
I don't really remember the end.
I--I feel--I browned out.
You had to have been hammered.
- Not as drunk as you guys.
- Remember when he said to flip
or not to flip on the ribs?
That is the question.
So let's--
- Thanks, ----ing Shakespeare.
I should've called you
Grill Shakespeare.
- A missed opportunity.
- Yes.
- But the food did
turn out somehow.
- Hey, Craig, you did great.
- I have no idea how.
- Hey, all right.
You guys hungry?
Thank you, sir.
- Nachos.
- Yeah, perfect.
- So, like, at the end
of the party,
you know, I may have
walked over.
I could see in her eyes
that it was, like,
nice Naomie, like, sweet,
sensitive, like, vulnerable--
not the mean one.
- It's hard for me
to see you, Craig.
I'm not gonna lie, like--
- It's the first time I actually
saw that she actually
----ing cared, because, like,
she didn't
chase me when I left.
- Look, y'all clearly still
care about each other.
- Right.
- But, like,
when you
break up with someone,
if you continue to talk
to them every day,
then you're not gonna
get over anybody.
- Right now, I just don't have
the closure I need.
It was so obvious
that she didn't want to
be with me anymore,
and then she's gonna cry
and act, like, devastated.
It's really just
a mind .
- I don't know.
- I hear you, man.
Despite what you think,
I root for you, Craig.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
- Maybe that was
symbolic right there.
- Coming up...
- This is blowing my mind.
- I can't even, like, process
the thought that it's my child.
♪ ♪
- Oh.
Ooh.
both: Hi.
- Wow.
- Good to see you again.
- You too.
You look so good.
- Thanks.
- Let me see.
- She's a little bigger.
- Hey, bud.
- Hello.
- I'm so excited that
that I get...
- I'm so glad
you're doing this with me.
- To witness this.
- It'll be fun.
- I know. I've never
been to an ultrasound.
- This is my supermodel friend--
- Stop.
- Chelsea,
who's clearly not pregnant.
- Quit. Quit that.
- Glad you could be here.
- Me too.
I'm excited.
- We're gonna make sure
there's nothing in there too.
I'm just kidding.
- Oh, my God, stop.
There's no way
there could be, so I'm good.
- Just kidding!
- You got to have sex
to have a baby.
I've known Cameran through
almost every stage of her life.
I knew her when she was single.
I knew her when she was married.
And now I know her as,
like, a pregnant friend.
- Okay.
- It is so cute in here.
And it's just fun seeing
someone that's so close to you
go through
those big stages in life,
because I haven't, you know,
been through any of that.
- All right.
- Oh, this feels so good.
- Whip out that belly.
- One, two, three.
Bam!
- Girl, it looks so tan.
You've been
tanning on the dock.
- Girl, I go out on my dock.
I look like
such a redneck in my bikini.
I'm like, if I'm gonna have
a big stomach...
- That thing is tan.
- I at least want it to be tan.
- I just saw her move.
- Eww!
It freaks me out.
I feel the baby move
all the time,
and it's pretty freaky
when you can actually,
like, see your stomach move.
And it's not gas.
It's a baby.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Look at her.
- That is not her.
- Yes, it is.
- That is her hand
and her profile.
- This is blowing my mind.
- I can't even, like, process
the thought that it's my child.
I haven't cried yet.
- How have you not cried
seeing this?
- No, I don't know.
- You can see everything.
She's already, like, beautiful.
- I know.
- This is nuts.
I frickin' knew
I was gonna start crying.
- Don't you cry.
You're gonna make me feel like
I have a dead heart.
- This is crazy.
- I think I have not cried
because it literally--
it just has not hit me yet.
I can't even believe that
I'm about to be a mom.
I--I--I literally feel like
I'm not gonna believe it
until I see it.
- Oh, she's smiling.
- Aww.
- Look at that.
- I love her already.
- Bye, Palmer.
We'll see you soon.
- We'll see you
on the other side.
Ohh.
- That was awesome.
Thank you.
- Amazing.
- You're welcome.
I'm gonna step out
while this is finishing.
- Okay.
We're gonna be
switching positions next time.
- No.
- You'll be on the table
next time.
- Girl, I got to--
- Oh, my gosh.
Anyway.
It was nice seeing
Austen the other day.
- Yeah.
I mean, I feel like we're in
a really--a good place.
You know, he started
dating this other girl.
And I kind of backed out of it,
and he got all upset with me,
but I think it's because, like,
our friendship
was, like, so strong.
- I'm sure he's probably
attracted to you still.
- It's not like that though.
- No.
My problem with Austen
is not Austen.
It's his lifestyle.
- I know.
- Like, he doesn't have a job.
He literally parties all night.
- I know.
- Sleeps all day.
♪ ♪
- Hi.
- Hello, Rachel.
- I'm good.
How are you doing?
- Doing well.
- Is there anything new on tap
that I should know about?
- Uh, since yesterday, no.
"Since..."
- I--I can't
be with someone like that.
- Peter Pan.
- What is it with this town
and the men?
Oh, it's frustrating.
- It is.
- Well, I think that what I want
to do is the stout flight.
I mean, it's 100% stout,
isn't it?
- Perfect.
- This list makes me very happy.
I love funemployment.
Let me make no mistake about it.
But, you know, I know
that my funemployment period
is not gonna last forever.
- So these are gonna go in order
as listed on that third page.
- Okay.
Unfortunately for me,
I don't have
what's called "mailbox money"
to kind of fall back on,
so I'm kind of starting to feel
the pressures a little bit.
I hear, like,
my mother's voice in my head.
- So I think it's good
you like what you're doing,
but you got to be able
to make a living.
- I know that I want my job
to be in the beer industry.
Who is the mocha from?
- Goose Island, I believe.
- No, Southern Tier. I'm sorry.
- And I was nervous that
working in the field of
something that
I was passionate about
was gonna kill that passion,
but it hasn't.
Tell me why a 2017 La Folie
deserves to be
on the reserve list.
- That's the only way
that they sell them.
- All right, your attitude,
wow, wow.
- At this point, I know,
and I've known for some time,
that I'm sick and tired
of peddling
somebody else's wares.
So I'm Austen with Red Hare.
I'm ready
to start my own thing,
I just got to
figure out what that is.
Rachel, thank you so much.
- Of course, Austen.
- And keeping me company.
- Because no one wants
to hang out with me.
I hope not, but probably so.
- Coming up...
- I don't think
I told you this,
but when were in New York,
Thomas and I...
- You and Thomas
hooked up that night?
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- Hello.
- Good.
You out in Hell Hole Swamp?
You seeing any bears out there?
- My dad's doing great.
You know, he's almost 91.
- He's just as quick as a lark
and funny as can be.
Didn't you say
you were gonna start
using an office in my office?
- I want that table.
- I got an apartment, you know,
where Ashley, um, is staying.
- You remember where you used
to get your liquor?
- They built a bunch--
four-story apartments.
- I don't know, you know.
My bookkeeper pays it.
It's not too expensive.
My father, he grew up
during the Great Depression,
so we have
far different tastes.
In fact, whenever I come over
in a new car,
he'll ask me how much.
And I'm afraid to tell him
exactly what it cost,
so I'll cut the price in half,
and he'll go, "Oh, man!"
So Ashley, how do you like her?
- My father always thought that
I should get a country woman,
country girl, even though
my mother's from San Francisco.
When I pointed out
that inconsistency, he said,
"Well, I trained her
to be a country girl."
I'll have to get my father's
notebook
and get the notes out,
instruct her.
She's funny.
- Absolutely.
♪ ♪
- Coming.
Hey. What's up?
- I love your angel.
- Look at you.
- You look nice.
- Come on in.
- Happy housewarming.
- Thank you.
Oh, my God.
This is perfect.
- Apparently
that's all in season.
- Thank you.
This is actually the exact seeds
I use and everything.
- Oh, good.
- Well, come on in.
Kathryn and I
have always connected on,
I don't know,
some strange level.
- Thanks for having my back,
Craig.
That really means a lot.
Seriously, I have your back too.
- I know, this what I'm learning
about you two. I love it.
- This is the kitchen
and what Sean calls
"the murder room" right now
because I've got plastic.
- Oh, my God.
Jeez, you're
really fixing this thing up.
- Thank you.
I don't know.
We don't judge each other.
We--it's kind of, like,
a safe place.
This will be kind of
a temporary sewing room.
- Badass closet.
- Cause I want to eventually...
- There's that fabric.
- I made this stuff.
- Yeah.
Here, this is a pillow I made.
And that one.
- Oh, with the little pom-poms.
This is beautiful.
- Oh, and then I can make
Kensie something insane.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Like, the tooth pillow, yeah,
- "My First Tooth."
- With the little pocket.
- That's so cute.
Oh, my God.
- And then they put their
little tooth in there.
- I love this.
- When I left Naomie's house,
all I had
with me was a sewing machine.
And I needed an outlet.
And I had some fabric,
so I just started sewing.
I made my first pillow,
and kind of got
the same high I used to get
from gardening.
I need to, like, have purpose.
- Yeah.
- And now I can make
my pillows as much as I want
without someone making fun of me
and, like...
- Yeah.
- Telling me to piss off.
- I can't take you seriously
when you're
on your sewing machine.
- Yeah.
- That's for Cameran.
I'm making her a teddy bear,
but this is
the foot of the teddy bear.
- That's awesome.
- Are you going
to the baby shower?
- No.
- Patricia is throwing me
a baby shower.
She is in charge
of the guest list,
and I am fairly certain
that you are not on it.
- I'm fairly certain
that you are correct.
- Jesus, Kathryn.
I don't know if it's fixable.
- It's not.
If she's made
this decision, this is it.
Honestly, I would've been
surprised if she did invite me.
- So what did you think
about Thomas and Ashley?
She's pretty, uh,
she's pretty nice.
- Yeah. Oh, God.
I don't know what to say.
- It's like--
- I feel, like, bad for Thomas.
Like, he's getting played
by this girl.
- Thomas is not being played
She is a hopeless romantic.
- Oh, God, I don't buy it.
I don't buy it.
I don't think I told you this,
but when were in New York,
Thomas and I...
- So you guys--you and Thomas
hooked up that night?
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
The last time I saw Thomas
in New York
was hopefully the last time
I will ever see him
in a romantic light in my life.
- Wait, did he tell you
they were dating
the night you guys hooked up?
- Nope.
He started professing
his love for me.
He was trying to tell me
he wanted another baby,
and he wanted to get married,
and I know he has, like,
these lines and whatnot,
but I don't really give
a  about that.
- At least you didn't
get pregnant this time.
- Coming up...
- Okay.
- I think I know where
you stand with Kathryn.
- I'm sorry,
you'll have to excuse me.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- Wow.
You look amazing.
- RuPaul, eat your heart out.
- My theory of
having a party is to
use some of the things
that you already have.
- Let me show you
the butler's pantry.
- Great, I can't wait.
I want to see that.
So I think the
Slim Aarons theme is brilliant.
Slim Aarons
was the fabulous photographer
who chronicled social life
in Palm Beach
in the '60s, which, of course,
is an era that
I'm most familiar with.
This is amazing.
Is it gonna last?
- It's starting to melt,
but we'll take care of it.
- You did an amazing job.
It's just beautiful.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
Or do you like this one?
This one or this one?
This one?
You like this one?
All right.
♪ ♪
- There's the face.
Oh, I guess it's a girl.
Lady, your pattern sucks.
♪ ♪
- Hey, okay, belt.
- All right.
- Um, crocodile, for sho'.
I still don't know
what I'm wearing, by the way.
It'll help us get ready.
- Oui.
- Okay.
- S'il vous plait.
Wilson has been one of my
closest friends since college.
He's my gay bae.
- All right, here we go.
- Wow.
- Nothing like bubbles...
- Pulling out the crystal.
- To help wardrobe decisions.
- And I'm lucky to have him.
- I'm really excited to see Cam
being super pregnant.
- She has not, like, grown
anywhere else but her belly.
It's actually out to here.
- She's still, like, skinny
and beautiful
and perfect in every way?
- I mean, she looks better
than I ever have, and I'm 25.
I think most everyone
will be there.
Kathryn's not gonna be there.
- Well, she wasn't invited
because
it wasn't up to Cameran
to decide who's coming.
It was up to Patricia.
♪ ♪
- Hello.
- Couldn't be better.
You're looking lovely.
- Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Miss Patricia.
- Hey, look at you.
All right.
- You are gorgeous.
What do you think?
- This looks awesome.
You don't skip a detail.
- All right.
- It feels so good in here.
Hello.
- Hey.
- Oh, my God.
Thank you for having us.
- A blonde--
A blonde Jackie O.
- Thank you.
Trying, yes.
♪ ♪
- Look at this guy.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Straight from
the Playboy Mansion, right?
- It's a bit Thurston Howell III
but whatever.
- Hello, everybody.
- Look at you!
- I'm not bright enough.
- Hi, love.
You look so colorful.
- Put together.
- Oh, gosh.
- It's like Easter Sunday is...
on drugs.
- Hi.
- Twins!
- We got the memo.
- Yes. You look awesome.
- You look awesome.
- It's good to see you.
- It's good to see you too.
- Hey, Miss Pat.
- Hey.
Good to see you.
- You, too, Miss Pat.
This is one of
my best friends, Sean.
I'm Patricia.
- Sean. Nice to meet you.
- This is for you.
Instead of
bringing a bottle of wine,
I brought you
some pillows just for fun.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Of course.
- I'm gonna put these in here.
Thank you.
I don't understand why
Craig isn't a lawyer,
but if he wants to make pillows,
and it makes him happy,
go for it.
- Welcome, welcome.
- Oh, thank you.
- Hey, darling.
It's good to see you.
- Hi.
Happy to see you.
- I like a tiny heinie.
Turn around please.
- No, you're embarrassing--
now you're embarrassing me.
- I like--I like a tiny heinie.
♪ ♪
- You look awesome.
Did you just buy this today?
- Right.
- Good thing Patricia
just left the room,
or your ass is grass.
- It's all right.
Rosé doesn't stain.
- Oh, my God, this is so cute!
- Oh!
My favorite in the whole world.
Come on in. Eddie,
- Good to see you.
Dr. Irons, you're my favorite.
- Oh, I know.
- You're my favorite.
- Been too long.
- Oh, my God, look at this.
- Oh, my God.
- Hey, doll.
- Y'all look great.
- Hi, beautiful friend.
- Oh, I love that.
- I love you.
- This is not
your typical baby shower.
This is your typical
Patricia baby shower.
- Oh, fabulous.
- So I'll look like I'm having
a beverage. Thank you.
- This is, like,
beyond fabulous.
- Shepard Rose.
- Wow, look at those pants.
- You did it right.
- All right.
- Good for you.
Hi, honey.
- Thank goodness.
'cause I never know.
How's it going?
- Good.
- Oh, my goodness.
- Hey, buddy.
Mwah.
- Yeah, that's
an awesome blazer.
- You look nice.
- Oh, my goodness,
look at this room.
- I know.
Isn't that cool?
- So, Cameran, what do you
think of this?
- I think this is the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen.
- Oh, my God.
- I meant to call you
the other day,
'cause Kathryn came by,
and I had the best conversation
with her...
- Yeah.
- Like, you know, and--and--
- I'm sad that she's not here.
- Me too.
I almost want to say
something to Pat to be like,
"She's doing a lot better."
Why wouldn't she get
another chance?
- That's all it's gonna take,
is, like, one time.
- Yeah.
- I think it'd be fine.
- Yeah, I agree.
Obviously I want Kathryn
and Patricia to make up.
Miss Pat, could I take you away
to the dining room
for just a minute?
- Sure.
- Thank you.
I love Patricia.
I think she's wonderful.
I love Kathryn.
So if I'm seeing
both sides of this,
why wouldn't I try
to do something?
Okay.
- I wanted to bring
this up to you.
I feel like with--with Kathryn,
I feel like your stance
is that you just
don't care anymore,
and she's out of your life,
and I respect that.
I just wanted to tell you I've
been spending time with her.
- You know what,
somebody just came in.
I'm sorry,
you'll have to excuse me.
- Okay.
- When you go
to somebody's house,
I just don't think that you
need to bring your grievances
and your issues to light.
I mean, it is inappropriate.
I'm gonna go sit by Cameran.
- Okay.
- Is there room
for me over here?
- Coming up.
- Hey, Miss Patricia.
- Dude, JD just
got here with Liz.
What the  is she doing?
- Bring me my cake!
- Let us eat cake, please.
- Oh, wow.
Oh, God.
- That is disgusting.
- I do not want
any of that cake.
- Mom, I'm sorry.
- Oh, my gosh, it's so hairy.
- That's what's gonna happen.
- This is actually
a projection of Palmer...
- It's drawn to scale.
- As it comes out of Cameran.
- I think it's fabulous.
I love it.
This is why I was
a dropout debutante.
- Okay, we'll eat it
in the butler's pantry.
- Oh.
- Yes.
- All right, Cam.
- Oh, y'all are so sweet.
- Hey.
I had, like, the most
awkward interaction with Pat.
I feel so bad.
So I thought, "Okay, well, maybe
I can respectfully approach
Patricia and say,
'Kathryn, you know,
she's doing a lot better.'"
And she cut me off
immediately and was like,
"Someone's at the door.
I have to go."
And I feel so bad now because
I didn't mean to make her--
- No, because--
- You know, I mean,
Kathryn feels like she--
she thinks she's nothing.
No one should be made
to feel like
- No.
No-no-no. I agree.
- So that's what bothers me,
because, like,
if anyone said that to me,
I would feel just as bad.
- Aww, a little monkey.
- Look.
Who is this from?
- Craig.
Oh, he probably did it himself.
- Hey, he embroidered it.
- Yes, he did.
- Craig!
- He's talking politics
with the refrigerator.
- You can try your hardest,
but don't let them
affect how
you feel about yourself,
which I'm sure was a huge
lesson, you know, in rehab.
And, like, everyone's growing.
Not in a mean way, like--
- Do you feel like
you're growing?
Or...
- I'm trying.
- I'm not--I don't know.
I mean, I've gotten done
a lot in the last two months.
- Why do you think that
you've gotten done
more things
in the last two months
than when we were together
for almost three years?
- Well, that sounds like
a loaded question, Naomie.
You're insinuating that...
- Craig--
- I didn't get anything
done in three years.
- No, I said "more."
I didn't say "something."
I said "more."
I--see, that's, again, you
taking things out of context
that I'm saying.
That's not fair.
- Babe, how on earth would you
do more in two months
than you would do
in three years,
unless you thought
that person was a loser?
- That's not how I meant that,
and you know it.
Don't spin it like that, please.
- It's--and look.
Look, on the back,
is where he messed up.
- Aww!
- "Pal."
- Where he messed up.
Oh, my God.
- This is who I turn
into around you.
It's - Yeah, and we can--
- I'm not this
sh---y mean person.
I trusted you, and you let me
down
over and over and over--
- Craig, please.
When When?
- When you wouldn't get up.
When you would miss meetings.
- Babe, I'm the same person
that I was
that you started dating, that
you traveled the world with.
Then all of a sudden, a year
later, you decide to,
like, not agree
with my lifestyle.
- No, a year later...
- That's not fair.
- I decide that I need to
do sh-- with my life.
- So then--
- I can't just lay around...
- So you do your thing.
- And be hungover every day.
- You need to wake up
and do sh--.
You can do so much more than you
already do and you know that.
I want. I'm an adult.
- You sit home, and you sew,
and you pretend to do things.
Oh, my God, there's more!
What is this?
- That's the actual...
- That's a cat.
is it?
Sorry.
is this?
- And I own two homes,
so tell me
I'm a big loser by 29.
That's--you don't
think rationally.
- It's not about your assets
and what you own.
- Okay, then we think
differently, and that's not
how you were when
we first started dating,
and that's why we had a blast.
- Okay, then we think
differently.
- What, did you not change
a year and a half in?
- Yeah, because I actually got
my sh-- together, unlike you.
- You're still live with--
under your parents.
- Oh! Oh!
I can't breathe.
- Oh, my God.
- It was supposed to be
a teddy bear, I think.
And he--he--
- It was.
- The effort was there.
- Obviously not.
Look at this!
Is this
Oh, my God, that is
the cutest thing ever.
- Aww.
- Thank y'all all so much
for all the sweet presents.
It's so sweet.
- Our pleasure, honey.
- Hey, Miss Patricia.
- My God, look who's here.
- So sorry we're late.
- Hi, darling.
- Dude, JD just got here...
- Oh.
- With Liz.
Like, what the
is she doing?
- Yeah, sorry we're
running behind.
One of those days.
Rush, rush, rush.
- Come on in.
- You look great!
- Liz just came here with JD...
- Making me look like
a .
both: No, it doesn't.
- Yes, it does.
After--listen, after everything
she said to me--
- That's like seven degrees of
separation.
Don't worry about it.
?
How could she walk in
to a party with him, smiling?
- You have to understand
that there have been years
of entrenched marriage.
- Yeah, it's not--
- And whether she has a story,
he has a story,
but there's nothing you can do
that--I mean,
there's something there
that you don't know.
- Keeping up appearances
is important in the South.
Yeah, for sure.
- Okay.
- And by the way,
I'm--I'm just saying--
Do I just greet them?
- You say hello to each of them,
you smile,
you give her a huge hug,
and then you just say,
"Hello, JD."
And he'll--and I swear
he'll be like, "Hi."
- He'll be gracious.
- Yeah.
- Okay, here we go.
- That's all you can do.
- Hi.
- Hey, sweetie.
- You're so cute.
- Yes.
- I missed--okay.
- Well, you should've called me.
I would've told you.
- Hi, JD
- I did not know.
- Good. Good to see you.
- Good. You too.
- JD's smirk,
looking at me like,
"Ha you.
I got her here.
She's here with me."
It's palpable.
My heart is
pounding out of my chest.
I'm so ----ing mad.
- And I know that right now
he feels like
he's winning or something.
I don't know how to explain it.
- That is a gorgeous cake,
Patricia!
- I'm gonna let it go.
I'm gonna let it go.
He knows what he--
He knows what he's doing.
He really does.
- This is the thing,
it's, like,
you did your due
diligence as a friend,
but this isn't
your fight anymore.
- All right,
so let's charge out
'cause I don't want to get
pulled into that conversation.
- Okay, I got to run.
- All right, hon.
- Good to see you guys.
- Thanks, y'all.
- Thanks for having me.
- Good to see everybody.
I'm going to grab your present.
joke.
- Not cool.
- Stop.
Don't do that.
Okay, I love you guys.
♪ ♪
- On the next episode of
"Southern Charm"...
- I don't even know how long
you guys have been together.
I don't know
when you met my kids.
- The first time I had
an interaction was,
like, Mother's Day.
- W--I definitely want to be
an united front with Elizabeth.
- If you're single,
why act like married?
Yeah.
- You got that good vibrator.
- Mine's even waterproof.
It goes with me everywhere.
- I'm horrified right now.
- I heard you had a date with
our new friend, uh, Payton.
- Oh, God.
- And I just worry
I'm gonna be 40 years old,
and I'm still gonna
be in this, like,
"not wanting to
settle down" mode.
- Not everybody's meant
to be married and have kids.
- But you know that
that would bother you.
- You want to quit this
relationship.
You want to puss out,
and you don't want to try.
- Because you're all talk,
no action.
- That is awful.
- For more "Southern Charm,"
go to bravotv.com.